Practical List on JAVA
1. Write a program to find the largest of n natural numbers.
2. Write a program to find whether a given number is prime or not.
3. Write a menu driven program for following:
Compute Factorial of a number
Check whether a given number is odd or even.
Check whether a given string is Palindrome or not.
4. Write a program to print the sum and product of digits of an Integer and reverse the
Integer.
5. Write a program to create an array of 10 integers. Accept values from the user in that
array. Input another number from the user and find out how many numbers are equal to
the number passed, how many are greater and how many are less than the number
passed.
6. Write a program that will prompt the user for a list of 5 prices. Compute the average of
the prices and find out all the prices that are higher than the calculated average.
7. Write a program in java to input N numbers in an array and print out the Armstrong
numbers from the set.
8. Write java program for the following matrix operations:
Addition of two matrices
Multiplication of two matrices
Input the elements of matrices from user.
9. Write a java program that computes the area of a circle, rectangle and a triangle using
function overloading.
10. Write a Java for the implementation of Multiple inheritance using interfaces to calculate
the area of a rectangle and triangle.
11. Write a java program to create a frame window in an Applet. Display your name,
address and qualification in the frame window.
12. Write a java program to draw a line between two coordinates in a window.
13. Write a java program to display the following graphics in an applet window.
Rectangles
Circles
Ellipses
Arcs
Polygons
14. Write a program for the following string operations:
Compare two strings
Concatenate two strings
Compute length of a string
15. Create a class called Fraction that can be used to represent the ratio of two integers.
Include appropriate constructors and methods. If the denominator becomes zero, throw
and handle an exception.
16. Write a program to Display Fibonacci series. 